BD-3160 B2B Docs section and Lead Scoring (#7476)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/engagement_tools/canvas/ideas_and_strategies/lead_scoring.md

In **Entry Controls**, do the following:
- Select **Allow users to re-enter this Canvas**.
- Select **Specified Window**.
- Set the re-eligibility to “0” **seconds**.

![“Entry Controls” section that has selections for “Allow users to re-enter this Canvas” in a “Specified Window” of 0 seconds.][4]{: style="max-width:80%;"}

#### Step 3c: Update send settings

Given the operational nature of this Canvas, and the fact that no messages will be sent to these users, you don’t need to adhere to subscription statuses.

Under **Subscription Settings**, for **Send to these users:** select **all users including unsubscribed users**. 

![Step 4 of creating a Canvas for setting message sending options.][5]{: style="max-width:80%;"}

### Step 4: Build your Canvas

#### Step 4a: Add an Action Path

Under your variant, select the plus icon and then select **Action Paths**.

![Canvas with “Action Paths” displaying in the menu opened by the plus icon.][6]{: style="max-width:60%;"}

#### Step 4b: Create Action Groups

> Each Action Group will represent all the actions that lead to the same point increment or decrement. You can set up to eight Action Groups. In this scenario, we'll setting up four groups.

Reviewer: Minor typo
```suggestion
Each Action Group will represent all the actions that lead to the same point increment or decrement. You can set up to eight Action Groups. In this scenario, we'll set up four groups.
```

![Action Group for adding a point with the triggers of “Starting Session in Any App” and “Performing Custom Event”.][8]{: style="max-width:80%;"}

#### Step 4d: Add User Update steps

Add a User Update step to each Canvas path created below your Action Path. 

![Canvas displaying the Action Path with branched User Update paths for each Action Group.][9]{: style="max-width:80%;"}

{: start=”2”}
In each User Update step’s **Compose** tab, do the following for the respective fields:

| Field | Action |
| --- | --- |
| **Attribute Name** | Select the lead score attribute you selected in step 2 (`lead score`).|
| **Action** | Change the action to **Increment By** if the path increases the score or **Decrement By** if the path decreases the score |
| **Increment By** or **Decrement By** | Enter the number of points that will be increased or decreased from the lead score.|
{: .reset-td-br-1 .reset-td-br-2}

### Step 5: Launch your Canvas

That’s it! Your lead scoring Canvas is ready to launch.

## External lead scoring

> Whether using one of our [technology partners]({{site.baseurl}}/partners/home/), your own internal lead scoring model, machine learning, or another lead scoring tool, we have multiple options for you!

Reviewer: The preceding section uses an exclamation point with a celebratory tone. I would remove the one here to prevent too many in close succession.
```suggestion
Whether using one of our [technology partners]({{site.baseurl}}/partners/home/), your own internal lead scoring model, machine learning, or another lead scoring tool, we have multiple options for you.
```

### External partners

> Check out [Technology partners]({{site.baseurl}}/partners/home) to learn about our B2B partners that offer lead-scoring capabilities. Don’t see your partner there? You can integrate by calling our [`users/track`]({{site.baseurl}}/api/endpoints/user_data/post_user_track#track-users) API endpoint. 

Reviewer: They're our partners, but to our users, they're just software and tools. Consider a different term here.
```suggestion
Check out [Technology partners]({{site.baseurl}}/partners/home) to learn about our B2B partners that offer lead-scoring capabilities. Don’t see your tool there? You can integrate by calling our [`users/track`]({{site.baseurl}}/api/endpoints/user_data/post_user_track#track-users) API endpoint. 
```

### Internal lead scoring data models

You can integrate Braze with your internal data models, including lead scoring models, in various ways. See below for some common examples of how our customers have integrated with Braze.

#### Integrated cloud data warehouse

{% tabs %}

> {% tab Braze as a lead-scoring data source %}

Reviewer: Consider simplifying these tab names. They are already quite long, and will likely expand with translation. Do we need them to be full sentences? What about removing "lead-scoring"?
```suggestion
{% tab Braze as a data source %}
```

- [Braze Currents]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/data_and_analytics/braze_currents/)
- [Snowflake Secure Data Sharing]({{site.baseurl}}/partners/data_and_infrastructure_agility/data_warehouses/snowflake/)

{% endtab %}
{% tab Braze as a destination %}

After your internal teams have created and run your lead scoring model, you can pull that data back into Braze so you can better segment and target leads for relevant messaging. You can do this with [Braze Cloud Data Ingestion]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/data_and_analytics/cloud_ingestion/overview/). 

With Cloud Data Ingestion, your internal teams will create a new table or view with your user identifiers, the latest lead scores, and the timestamps when the scores were updated. Braze will pick up the table or view and add the lead scores to the user profiles.

{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

## Lead handoff: Marketing Qualified Lead (MQL) to Sales {#lead-handoff}

> Our recommended approach to lead handoffs is to have a corresponding lead or contact attached to each user in Braze. These leads would enter your sales teams’ queue when their lead statuses change to an MQL stage, at which point Salesforce would kick off a lead routing or assignment workflow. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Our recommended approach to lead handoffs is to have a corresponding lead or contact attached to each user in Braze. These leads would enter your Sales teams’ queue when their lead statuses change to an MQL stage, at which point Salesforce would kick off a lead routing or assignment workflow. 
```

To update the lead record in Salesforce with the lead status from Braze, we recommend using a triggered webhook template.

### Step 1: Create a webhook campaign

### Step 2: Configure your webhook

#### Step 2a: Compose webhook

1. Give your webhook campaign a name, such as “Salesforce > Update lead to MQL”.

2. Enter your webhook URL in the format of {% raw %}`https://YOUR_SALESFORCE_INSTANCE.my.salesforce.com/services/data/v60.0/sobjects/Lead/{{${user_id}}}`{% endraw %}. The Braze user ID of {% raw %}`{{$user_id}}}`{% endraw %} should match your Salesforce contact ID. If not, use an alias instead of {% raw %}`{{$user_id}}}`{% endraw %}.

3. Update the **HTTP Method** to **PATCH**.

4. Configure your payload to only update the lead record in Salesforce if that lead’s lead score crosses your predefined threshold. See the example request body below for a lead score of greater than 100.

{% raw %}
```liquid
{% assign threshold = 100%}
{% if custom_attribute.${lead score} > threshold %}
{
"lead_status": "MQL"
}
{% else %}{% abort_message('not at threshold')%}
{% endif %}
```
{% endraw %}

{: start="5"}
5. Include the following headers:

| Header | Content |
| --- | --- |

> | Authorization | {% raw %}`Bearer {{result.access_token}}`{% endraw %}. To retrieve a token, [configure a connected app for the OAuth 2.0 client credentials flow](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=sf.connected_app_client_credentials_setup.htm&type=5) and then use Connected Content to retrieve the bearer from Salesforce: <br><br>{% raw %}<code>{% connected_content https://[instance].my.salesforce.com/services/oauth2/token <br>:method post <br> :body client_id=[client_id]&client_secret=[client_secret]&grant_type=client_credentials <br>:save result %}{% endraw %} <br> Bearer {% raw %}{{result.access_token}}</code>{% endraw %} |

Reviewer: Two suggestions for this table:
- I'm worried users may copy the period at the end of the snippet. To remove it, I'd suggest making it its own line. I've added line breaks to do so.
- The link text for the Salesforce doc is very long, added a suggestion to simplify

```suggestion
| Authorization | {% raw %}`Bearer {{result.access_token}}`{% endraw %}<br><br>To retrieve a token, [configure a connected app](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=sf.connected_app_client_credentials_setup.htm&type=5) for the OAuth 2.0 client credentials flow and then use Connected Content to retrieve the bearer from Salesforce: <br><br>{% raw %}<code>{% connected_content https://[instance].my.salesforce.com/services/oauth2/token <br>:method post <br> :body client_id=[client_id]&client_secret=[client_secret]&grant_type=client_credentials <br>:save result %}{% endraw %} <br> Bearer {% raw %}{{result.access_token}}</code>{% endraw %} |
```

| Content_Type | application/json |
{: .reset-td-br-1 reset-td-br-2}

![Webhook being composed with a Salesforce webhook URL, PATCH HTTP method, raw text request body, and request headers.][10]{: style="max-width:80%;"}

#### Step 2b: Schedule webhook sends

> You’ll want the campaign to trigger anytime the user’s lead score changes. This campaign will trigger for any user whose score changes, but it will only affect users who aren't currently an MQL and have crossed the threshold you set in the previous step.

Reviewer: More of a voice suggestion, I don't think we should tell the user what they want. Let's rephrase this to either tell them what to do, or make it a recommendation.

```suggestion
The campaign should trigger anytime the user’s lead score changes. This campaign will trigger for any user whose score changes, but it will only affect users who aren't currently an MQL and have crossed the threshold you set in the previous step.
```

In the **Schedule Delivery** step, select the following:
- An **Action-Based** delivery type
- A trigger action of **Change Custom Attribute Value** with the name of your lead scoring attribute and an action of **any new value**

#### Step 2c: Identify target audience

> In the **Target Audiences** step, include a filter that excludes users whose lead statuses are already at MQL or beyond, such as "`lead_status` is none of `MQL`".

Reviewer: Technically I believe "is none of" should also be code text given that it is a selectable filter. I'm not sure if we've explicitly stated that anywhere. I like the separation with each filter name being opened and closed like it is, very clean. 👍 
```suggestion
In the **Target Audiences** step, include a filter that excludes users whose lead statuses are already at MQL or beyond, such as "`lead_status` `is none of` `MQL`".
```
